# ProxyGetExport

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**convert_to_currencies** | **string** | The currencies that you want to convert transaction amounts into. You can specify any number of currencies. Specify the currencies using their [Foreign Currency Conversion](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CC_Finance/Foreign_Currency_Conversion) enabled to use this field. **Character limit**: **Values**: a list of valid currency codes | [optional] 
**created_by_id** | **string** | The user ID of the person who created the export. **Character limit**: 32 **Values**: automatically generated | [optional] 
**created_date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | The date when the import was created. **Character limit**: 29 **Values**: automatically generated | [optional] 
**encrypted** | **bool** | Exports a secure version of encrypted data source fields. such as the AchAccountNumber field of the PaymentMethod object and the DefaultPaymentMethod data souce objects. **Character limit**: 5 **Values:** true, false | [optional] 
**file_id** | **string** | The ID of the file generated by an export query. This fiel is automatically generated when an Export object is created. Use this file ID when you download the export file. **Character limit**: 32 **Values**: automatically generated | [optional] 
**format** | **string** | The format that you want the export file to use. **Character limit**: 4 **Values**: csv, html | [optional] 
**id** | **string** | Object identifier. | [optional] 
**name** | **string** | The name of the export. **Character limit**: 255 **Values**: a string of 255 characters or fewer | [optional] 
**query** | **string** | optional | [optional] 
**size** | **int** | The number of records or rows exported. This field value is null until the export status is Completed. **Character limit**: **Values**: automatically generated | [optional] 
**status** | **string** | The status of the export. Type: string (enum) **Character limit**: 10 **Values**: automatically generated to be one of the following values:  - Pending - Processing - Completed - Canceled - Failed | [optional] 
**status_reason** | **string** | The reason for the given status. Use this information to help ascertain why an export failed. **Character limi**t: 255 **Values**: automatically generated | [optional] 
**updated_by_id** | **string** | The ID of the user who last updated the export. **Character limit**: 32 **Values**: automatically generated | [optional] 
**updated_date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | The date when the expotr was last updated. **Character limit**: 29 **Values**: automatically generated | [optional] 
**zip** | **bool** | Indicates if you want the resulting export file to be compressed into a zip file. **Character limit**: **Values**: true, false (default) | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


