# Subscription

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**account_id** | **string** | This field can be updated when **Status** is &#x60;Draft&#x60;. The ID of the [a valid account ID](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/DC_Developers/SOAP_API/E1_SOAP_API_Object_Reference/Account) | [optional] 
**ancestor_account_id** | **string** | A filter option for querying all subscriptions under the same account hierarchy. **Character limit**: 32 **Values**: [a valid account ID](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/DC_Developers/SOAP_API/E1_SOAP_API_Object_Reference/Account) | [optional] 
**auto_renew** | **bool** | This field can be updated when **Status** is &#x60;Draft&#x60;. Indicates if the subscription automatically renews at the end of the term. **Values**: &#x60;true&#x60;, &#x60;false&#x60; | [optional] 
**billing_frequency__c** | **string** |  | [optional] 
**cancelled_date** | [**\DateTime**](Date.md) | The date of the [Amendment object](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/DC_Developers/SOAP_API/E1_SOAP_API_Object_Reference/Amendment) that canceled the subscription. **Values**: inherited from &#x60;Amendment.EffectiveDate&#x60; | [optional] 
**contract_acceptance_date** | [**\DateTime**](Date.md) | The date when the customer accepts the contract. This field can be updated when **Status** is &#x60;Draft&#x60;. **Note**: The service activation date is only required if the [Require Service Activation of Orders?](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/Billing_Settings/Define_Default_Subscription_Settings#Require_Service_Activation_of_Orders.3F) Setting is set to &#x60;Yes&#x60;. If this setting is set to &#x60;Yes&#x60;:  - If ContractAcceptanceDate field is required, you must set this field, ContractAcceptanceDate, and ContractEffectiveDate fields in the subscribe call to activate a subscription. - If ContractAcceptanceDate field is not required, you must set both this field and the ContractEffectiveDate field in the subscribe call to activate a subscription. If you only set a valid date in the ContractEffectiveDate field, the subscribe call still returns success, but the subscription is in &#x60;DRAT&#x60; status. | [optional] 
**contract_effective_date** | [**\DateTime**](Date.md) | The date when the contract takes effect. This field can be updated when **Status** is &#x60;Draft&#x60;. **Note**: This field is required in the subscribe call. If you set the value of this field to null and both the ServiceActivationDate and ContractAcceptanceDate fields are not required, the subscribe call still returns success, but the new subscription is in &#x60;DRAFT&#x60; status. To activate the subscription, you must set a valid date to this field. | [optional] 
**cpq_bundle_json_id__qt** | **string** | The Bundle product structures from Zuora Quotes if you utilize Bundling in Salesforce. Do not change the value in this field. **Character limit**: 32 **Values**: N/A | [optional] 
**created_by_id** | **string** | The user ID of the person who created the subscription. **Character limit**: 32 **Values**: automatically generated | [optional] 
**created_date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | The date the subscription was created. This value is the same as the OriginalCreatedDate value until the subscription is amended. **Values**: automatically generated | [optional] 
**creator_account_id** | **string** | The account ID that created the subscription or the amended subscription. **Character limit**: 32 **Values**: automatically generated | [optional] 
**creator_invoice_owner_id** | **string** | The [account](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/DC_Developers/SOAP_API/E1_SOAP_API_Object_Reference/Account) ID that owns the invoices associated with the subscription or the amended subscription. **Character limit**: 32 **Values**: automatically generated | [optional] 
**current_term** | **int** | The length of the period for the current subscription term. If TermType is set to &#x60;TERMED&#x60;, this field is required and must be greater than &#x60;0&#x60;. If TermType is set to &#x60;EVERGREEN&#x60;, this value is ignored. Default is &#x60;0&#x60;. **Character limit**: 20 **Values**: automatically generated | [optional] 
**current_term_period_type** | **string** | The period type for the current subscription term. This field is used with the CurrentTerm field to specify the current subscription term. **Values**:  - &#x60;Month&#x60; (default) - &#x60;Year&#x60; - &#x60;Day&#x60; - &#x60;Week&#x60; | [optional] 
**id** | **string** | The ID of this object. Upon creation, the ID of this object is SubscriptionId. **Character limit**: 32 **Values**: automatically generated | [optional] 
**initial_term** | **int** | The length of the period for the first subscription term. This field can be updated when Status is &#x60;Draft&#x60;. If you use the subscribe() call, this field is required. **Required**: If TermType is Termed **Character limit**: 20 **Values**: any valid number. The default value is 0. | [optional] 
**initial_term_period_type** | **string** | The period type for the first subscription term. **Values**:  - &#x60;Month&#x60; (default) - &#x60;Year&#x60; - &#x60;Day&#x60; - &#x60;Week&#x60; **Note**:  - This field can be updated when Status is &#x60;Draft&#x60;. - This field is used with the InitialTerm field to specify the initial subscription term. | [optional] 
**integration_id__ns** | **string** |  | [optional] 
**integration_status__ns** | **string** |  | [optional] 
**invoice_owner_id** | **string** | This field can be updated when **Status** is &#x60;Draft&#x60;. The [a valid account ID](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/DC_Developers/SOAP_API/E1_SOAP_API_Object_Reference/Account) | [optional] 
**is_invoice_separate** | **bool** | Determines if the subscription is invoiced separately. If &#x60;TRUE&#x60;, then all charges for this subscription are collected into the subscription&#39;s own invoice. **V****alues**: &#x60;TRUE&#x60;, &#x60;FALSE &#x60;(default) | [optional] 
**name** | **string** | The unique identifier of the subscription. If you don&#39;t specify a value, then Zuora generates a name automatically. Whether auto-generated or manually specified, the subscription name must be unique. Otherwise an error will occur. In WSDL 69+, you can change this value only when the subscription is in &#x60;Draft&#x60; status. Once the subscription is activated, you can&#39;t change this value, nor can you use this value for a different subscription. **Character limit**: 100 **Values**: one of the following:  - leave null to automatically generate - a string of 100 characters or fewer | [optional] 
**notes** | **string** | Use this field to record comments about the subscription. **Character limit**: 500 **Values**: a string of 500 characters or fewer | [optional] 
**opportunity_close_date__qt** | [**\DateTime**](Date.md) | The closing date of the Opportunity. This field is used in Zuora Reporting Data Sources to report on Subscription metrics. If the subscription was originated from Zuora Quotes, the value is populated with the value from Zuora Quotes. **Character limit**: **Values**: populated by Zuora Quotes | [optional] 
**opportunity_name__qt** | **string** | The unique identifier of the Opportunity. This field is used in the Zuora Reporting Data Sources to report on Subscription metrics. If the subscription was originated from Zuora Quotes, the value is populated with the value from Zuora Quotes. **Character limit**: 100 **Values**: populated by Zuora Quotes | [optional] 
**original_created_date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | The date when the subscription was originally created. This value is the same as the CreatedDate value until the subscription is amended. **Values**: automatically generated | [optional] 
**original_id** | **string** | The original ID of this subscription. **Values**: automatically generated | [optional] 
**po_number__c** | **string** |  | [optional] 
**previous_subscription_id** | **string** | The subscription ID immediately prior to the current subscription. **Character limit**: 32 **Values**: automatically generated | [optional] 
**project__ns** | **string** |  | [optional] 
**quote_business_type__qt** | **string** | The specific identifier for the type of business transaction the Quote represents such as New, Upsell, Downsell, Renewal or Churn. This field is used in the Zuora Reporting Data Sources to report on Subscription metrics. If the subscription was originated from Zuora Quotes, the value is populated with the value from Zuora Quotes. **Character limit**: 32 **Values**: populated by Zuora Quotes | [optional] 
**quote_number__qt** | **string** | The unique identifier of the Quote. This field is used in the Zuora Reporting Data Sources to report on Subscription metrics. If the subscription was originated from Zuora Quotes, the value is populated with the value from Zuora Quotes. **Character limit**: 32 **Values**: populated by Zuora Quotes | [optional] 
**quote_type__qt** | **string** | The Quote type that represents the subscription lifecycle stage such as New, Amendment, Renew or Cancel. This field is used in the Zuora Reporting Data Sources to report on Subscription metrics. If the subscription was originated from Zuora Quotes, the value is populated with the value from Zuora Quotes. **Character limit**: 32 **Values**: populated by Zuora Quotes | [optional] 
**renewal_setting** | **string** | This field can be updated when **Status** is &#x60;Draft&#x60;. Specifies whether a termed subscription will remain termed or change to evergreen when it is renewed. **Required**: If TermType is Termed **Values**: &#x60;RENEW_WITH_SPECIFIC_TERM &#x60;(default), &#x60;RENEW_TO_EVERGREEN&#x60; | [optional] 
**renewal_term** | **int** | The length of the period for the subscription renewal term. This field can be updated when **Status** is &#x60;Draft&#x60;. If you use the subscribe() call, this field is required. **Required**: If TermType is Termed. **Character limit**: 20 **Values**: one of the following:  - leave null to default to &#x60;0&#x60; - any number | [optional] 
**renewal_term_period_type** | **string** | The period type for the subscription renewal term. **Values**:  - &#x60;Month&#x60; (default) - &#x60;Year&#x60; - &#x60;Day&#x60; - &#x60;Week&#x60; **Note**:  - This field is used with the RenewalTerm field to specify the subscription renewal term. - This field can be updated when Status is &#x60;Draft&#x60;. | [optional] 
**sfdc_budget_id__c** | **string** |  | [optional] 
**sales_order__ns** | **string** |  | [optional] 
**service_activation_date** | [**\DateTime**](Date.md) | The date when the subscription is activated. This field can be updated when **Status** is &#x60;Draft&#x60;. **Character limit**: 29 **Note**: The service activation date is only required if the [Require Service Activation of Orders?](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/Billing_Settings/Define_Default_Subscription_Settings#Require_Service_Activation_of_Orders.3F) Setting is set to &#x60;Yes&#x60;. If this setting is set to &#x60;Yes&#x60;:  - If ContractAcceptanceDate field is required, you must set this field, ContractAcceptanceDate, and ContractEffectiveDate fields in the subscribe call to activate a subscription. - If ContractAcceptanceDate field is not required, you must set both this field and the ContractEffectiveDate field in the subscribe call to activate a subscription. If you only set a valid date in the ContractEffectiveDate field, the subscribe call still returns success, but the subscription is in &#x60;DRAT&#x60; status. | [optional] 
**status** | **string** | The status of the subscription. **Character limit**: 17 **Values**: automatically generated **Possible values**: one of the following:  - &#x60;Draft&#x60; - &#x60;PendingActivation&#x60; - &#x60;PendingAcceptance&#x60; - &#x60;Active&#x60; - &#x60;Cancelled&#x60; - &#x60;Expired&#x60; - &#x60;Suspended&#x60; (This value is in **Limited Availability**.) | [optional] 
**subscription_end_date** | [**\DateTime**](Date.md) | The date when the subscription term ends, where the subscription ends at midnight the day before. For example, if the SubscriptionEndDate is 12/31/2016, the subscriptions ends at midnight (00:00:00 hours) on 12/30/2016. This date is the same as the term end date or the cancelation date, as appropriate. **Character limit**: 29 **Values**: automatically generated | [optional] 
**subscription_start_date** | [**\DateTime**](Date.md) | The date when the subscription term starts. This date is the same as the start date of the original term, which isn&#39;t necessarily the start date of the current or new term. **Character limit**: 29 **Values**: automatically generated | [optional] 
**sync_date__ns** | **string** |  | [optional] 
**term_end_date** | [**\DateTime**](Date.md) | This field can be updated when **Status** is &#x60;Draft&#x60;. The date when the subscription term ends. If the subscription is evergreen, the TermEndDate value is null or is the cancelation date, as appropriate. **Character limit**: 29 **Values**: automatically generated | [optional] 
**term_start_date** | [**\DateTime**](Date.md) | This field can be updated when **Status** is &#x60;Draft&#x60;. The date when the subscription term begins. If this is a renewal subscription, then this date is different from the subscription start date. **Character limit**: 29 **Version notes**: -- | [optional] 
**term_type** | **string** | This field can be updated when **Status** is &#x60;Draft&#x60;. Indicates if a subscription is [termed or evergreen](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BC_Subscription_Management/Subscriptions#Termed_and_Evergreen_Subscriptions). A termed subscription has a specific end date and requires manual renewal. An evergreen subscription doesn&#39;t have an end date and doesn&#39;t need renewal. This field can be updated when the subscription status is Draft. **Character limit**: 9 **Values**: &#x60;TERMED&#x60;, &#x60;EVERGREEN&#x60; | [optional] 
**updated_by_id** | **string** | The ID of the user who last updated the subscription. **Character limit:** 32 **Values: **automatically generated | [optional] 
**updated_date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | The date when the subscription was last updated. **Character limit:** 29 **Values**: automatically generated | [optional] 
**version** | **int** | The version number of the subscription. **Values**: automatically generated | [optional] 
**fields_to_null** | **string** |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


